log[create_log]---> Created category Django
log[create_log]---> Create course Django go
log[create_log]---> Created category Python
log[create_log]---> Created category Java
log[create_log]---> Create course Python for beginner
log[create_log]---> Create student Andrey Krivochenko
log[create_log]---> Create student Ivan Petrov
log[create_log]---> Create student Petr Ivanov
log[create_log]---> Created category Python
log[create_log]---> Create student Andrey Krivochenko
log[create_log]---> Create course Python for beginner
log[create_log]---> Create student Ivan Petrov
log[create_log]---> Created category Python
log[create_log]---> Created category Java
log[create_log]---> Create course Python for beginner
log[create_log]---> Create student Andrey Krivochenko
log[create_log]---> Create student Ivan Petrov
log[create_log]---> Create course Java for beginner
log[create_log]---> Created category Python
log[create_log]---> Create course Python for beginner
log[create_log]---> Create student Andrey Krivochenko
log[create_log]---> Created category Python
log[create_log]---> Create course Python for beginner
log[create_log]---> Create student Andrey Krivochenko
log[create_log]---> Created category Python
log[create_log]---> Create course Python for beginner
log[create_log]---> Create student Andrey Krivochenko
log[create_log]---> Create student Ivan Petrov
log[create_log]---> Created category Java
log[create_log]---> Create course Java for beginners
